.TH ECONFTOOL "8" "2 Apr 2021" "libeconf" "configuration file manager"
.SH NAME
econftool - Configuration File Manager
.SH SYNOPSIS
econftool COMMAND [OPTIONS] </path/to/configfile>.conf
.SH DESCRIPTION
Tool which allows to easily manage the configuration file snippets.

.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.B show
Reads all snippets for <filename>.conf (in /usr/etc and /etc),
and prints all groups,keys and their values.
The root directories is /. It can be set by the environment variable $ECONFTOOL_ROOT.
.TP
.B cat
Prints the content of the files and the name of the file in the order
as it has been read.
.TP
.B edit
Starts the editor $EDITOR (environment variable) where the
groups, keys and values can be modified and saved afterwards.

.B OPTIONS
 -f, --full:      Copy the original configuration file to /etc instead of
                  creating drop-in files.
 --use-home:      Only has an effect if the user is root.
                  Chooses the root home directory instead of /etc.

.TP
.B revert
Reverts all changes to the vendor versions. Basically deletes
the config file and snippet directory in /etc.

.B OPTIONS
  -y, --yes:       Assumes yes for all prompts and runs non-interactively.


.SH general OPTIONS
.TP
.B --comment <character>
  Character which starts a comment. ('#' default).

.TP
.B --delimiters <string>
 Characters which separates key/value entries. ("=" default).
 e.g. --delimiters="= \t"
 e.g. --delimiters=spaces   regarding all spaces

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.PP 
libeconf\&

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) 2021 SUSE LLC

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
